.TH dtc_install_centos 8
.SH NAME
dtc_install_centos \- bootstrap a CentOS install to use in a chroot or VM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dtc_install_centos <install root> <yum environment>


.SH DESCRIPTION

This shell script is part of the dtc-xen package, generally to be used by the
dtc panel to install a new a Xen VPS server. This script is called by
dtc_reinstall_os when the user chooses to install the CentOS operating system.

How it works: it generates a temporary yum configuration in the yum
environment directory, that directs yum to act inside the install root instead
of in the base system; then it kindly requests yum to install the basesystem,
centos-release and yum packages onto it.  Yum then uses the configuration
to download the required (usually, security-updated) packages and then
perform the RPM installation process under the install root.

It requires both RPM and yum.  It does work under Debian (it was developed
in Ubuntu first).  It should also work on RPM-based systems without destroying
the system-wide RPM and yum configurations.

.SH "OPTION"

.B <install root>

Target directory where CentOS will be deployed.  Must exist beforehand.

.B <yum environment>

Directory where yum will store the repository manifests and configuration.
Will be automatically created.  Cached RPMs and manifests will be left, as
usual, in a directory var/cache/yum inside the install root.

.SH "EXAMPLE"

.B dtc_install_centos /root/yum /xen/13

This will setup the operating system in /xen/13, with the CentOS configuration
folder in /root/yum.

.SH "BUGS"

It's limited to CentOS 5 at the moment.

It must be run as root.

Under some circumstances, the installation process itself may kill processes
running on the host machine.  The chroot yum does should be sufficient to
avoid this, but we haven't been able, yet, to ascertain why this fails
sometimes.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

dtc_reinstall_os(8)

.SH "VERSION"
This documentation describes
.B dtc_install_os
version 0.3.1.

See
.B http://www.gplhost.com/software-dtc-xen.html
for updates.
