.TH dtc_setup_vps_disks 8
.SH NAME
dtc_setup_disk \- setup LVM disks for using it as a VM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dtc_setup_vps_disk.sh
.I VPS_NUMBER
.I HDD_SIZE
.I SWAP_SIZE
[
.I lvm|loopback
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dtc_setup_vps_disk.sh
This shell script is a part of the dtc-xen package that is to be used by the
dtc panel to manage a Xen VPS server.

This script is used to create partitions to be used by a VPS later on.
It will create a normal partition that will be used as a root disk, and
a swap partition.

dtc_setup_disk is to be used by the dtc-xen SOAP server, but can also be used
as a standalone userland tool.

If the partition(s) exists, then this script will delete it/them first.

.SH OPTIONS
.B VPS_NUMBER
has to be a number between 01 and 19. Let's say the number is 16, and that
dtc-xen is configured to use the volume group called lvm1, then this script
will create /dev/lvm1/xen16 and /dev/lvm1/xen16swap.

.B HDD_SIZE
Size in MB of the VPS partition to create. 

.B SWAP_SIZE
Size in MB of the VPS swap partition to create. If the dtc-xen SOAP server is
used to create the VPS, then it will create a swap partition of the exact same
size as the memory.

.B IMAGE_TYPE
This parameter can have 2 values: either lvm or loopback. If ommited, then lvm
is used. If lvm is used, then this script will create a partition using
lvmcreate, otherwise it will create an image file. Both will later be used for the VPS.

.SH EXAMPLE

.B dtc_setup_vps_disk 04 15360 256 lvm

This will create 2 LVM partition to be used by the VPS named xen04, the first one being
a root partition of 15 GB, and the second one being a swap partition of 256 MB.

.SH "VERSION"
This documentation describes
.B dtc_setup_vps_disk
version 0.3.15.
See
.B http://www.gplhost.com/software-dtc-xen.html
for updates.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
dtc_reinstall_os(8), dtc_kill_vps_disk(8)
