.TH dtc_write_xenpv_conf 8
.SH NAME
dtc_write_xenpv_conf \- rewrites the xen startup script with selected params
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dtc_write_xenpv_conf
.I VPS_NUMBER
.I MEMORY_SIZE
.I ALL_IP_ADDRESSES
.I VNC_CONSOLE_PASSWORD
.I HOW_TO_BOOT

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dtc_write_xenpv_conf
This shell script is a part of the dtc\-xen
package that is to be used by the dtc panel
to manage a Xen VPS server.

This script generate a Xen startup file with the parameters
given to the script.

.SH PARAMETERS

Note that ALL parameters are mendatory.

.B VPS_NUMBER
has to be a number between 01 and 29

.B MEMORY_SIZE
is the amount of memory in mega bytes that you want to have setup
in the Xen startup file for this VPS

.B ALL_IP_ADDRESSES
is a list of IPs that you want to be set in the VM's startup file and
in the VM's configuration. Note that the IPs have to be separated by spaces,
and thus you might want to use single quotes like this: '1.2.3.4 1.2.3.5'. Note
that only the first IP will be set in the VM's configuration, but the list will
be set in the Xen startup file so you can use the anti\-spoofing facilities of
Xen if you need it (with untrusted users / unknown customers for example).

.B VNC_CONSOLE_PASSWORD
This is the VNC console password that you want to have set\-up in the Xen domU
configuration file, so that you can connect using VNC to the the setup. Note
that special value
.I no_vnc
can be used to declare that you do not want the VNC console to be used at all.

.B HOW_TO_BOOT
This controls what the VPS will use to boot. A special value of
.I hdd
can be used to tell dtc_write_xenpv_conf that you want to boot on the hard
drive of the domU. Any other parameters will be used as a .iso file located
in /var/lib/dtc\-xen/ttyssh_home/xenXX where xenXX equals to the VPS number
set in the
.I VPS_NUMBER
parameter (see above).

Note that whatever is set in this parameter, dtc_write_xenpv_conf will add as
many cdrom devices as it finds .iso files in the /var/lib/dtc\-xen/ttyssh_home/xenXX
folder.

.SH EXAMPLE

The following command:

dtc_write_xenpv_conf 14 512 '1.2.3.4 1.2.3.5' mYvNcPaSs boot.iso

will produce this config file in /etc/xen/xen14:

kernel = "/usr/lib/xen/boot/hvmloader"
.br
builder = 'hvm'
.br
memory = 512
.br
name = "xen14${VPSNAME}"
.br
vcpus=1
.br
pae=0
.br
acpi=0
.br
apic=0
.br
vif = [ 'type=ioemu, mac=00:00:00:00:00:00, ip=1.2.3.4 1.2.3.5' ]
.br
disk=[ 'phy:/dev/mapper/lvm1-xen14,ioemu:hda,w','file:/var/lib/dtc-xen/ttyssh_home/xen14/boot.iso,hdb:cdrom,r','file:/var/lib/dtc-xen/ttyssh_home/xen14/cd2.iso,hdc:cdrom,r' ]
.br
cdrom="/var/lib/dtc-xen/ttyssh_home/xen14/boot.iso"
.br
boot="d"
.br
vfb = [ "type=vnc,vncdisplay=21,vncpasswd=mYvNcPaSs" ]
.br
nographic=0
.br
vnc=1
.br
stdvga=1
.br
serial='pty'

Note that the above mac address will be calculated and depend on your node
name: it will NOT be like the above example.

.SH UPDATES

See
.B http://www.gplhost.com/software\-dtc\-xen.html
for updates.
